CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<!--
  This file was generated by emdaer

  Its template can be found at .emdaer/CONTRIBUTING.emdaer.md
-->

# Contributing

## Code of Conduct

Before contributing, please read our [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Getting Setup

```sh
yarn # installs dependencies for emdaer
make bootstrap # installs dependencies for emdaer/packages/*
```

## Testing & Linting

```sh
make test # run the tests
make lint # run the linter
make type # run the type checker
```

## Plugins & Transforms

When creating a plugin or transform, any dependencies must be stubbed for flow.

First try:

```sh
flow-typed install dependency-name@x.x.x
```

Then, if the libdef doesn&#8217;t exist:

```sh
flow-typed create-stub dependency-name@x.x.x
```

## Commits

All commit messages must follow the [Conventional Commits Specification](https://conventionalcommits.org/) which can be described like so:

```
type(scope?): subject

body?
footer?
```

[Commitlint](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint) is setup to enforce this convention.

### Commitlint Rules:
- [@commitlint/config-angular](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint/tree/master/@commitlint/config-angular#rules): Enforces common &#8220;types&#8221; , casing, length rules etc..
- [@commitlint/config-lerna-scopes](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint/blob/master/@commitlint/config-lerna-scopes): Ensures the &#8220;scope&#8221; portion matches one of the emdaer packages. Example: `fix(plugin-image): Add more cat pics`. Generic commits that do not affect a plugin or transform should have no scope like `chore: Do something generic`.

### Suggestions:
If your commit fixes an issue, mention the issue number in your commit body or footer [as recommended by GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/).

Example:
```
fix(plugin-image): Add more cat pics
Closes #123, Closes #456
```

Commit message:

docs: Add not about offline support of plugins to CONTRIBUTING

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<!--
  This file was generated by emdaer

  Its template can be found at .emdaer/CONTRIBUTING.emdaer.md
-->

# Contributing

## Code of Conduct

Before contributing, please read our [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Getting Setup

```sh
yarn # installs dependencies for emdaer
make bootstrap # installs dependencies for emdaer/packages/*
```

## Testing & Linting

```sh
make test # run the tests
make lint # run the linter
make type # run the type checker
```

## Plugins & Transforms

When creating a plugin or transform, any dependencies must be stubbed for flow.

First try:

```sh
flow-typed install dependency-name@x.x.x
```

Then, if the libdef doesn&#8217;t exist:

```sh
flow-typed create-stub dependency-name@x.x.x
```

### Offline Support
In order to ensure emdaer works properly offline, if your plugin makes API requests or relies on a connection of any kind, please cache the response data under `.emdaer/.offline`, and namespace it with the plugin name.
```
.emdaer/.offline/plugin-my-new-plugin/response-data.json
```
Read this file when your API request fails and write to this file when your request is successful. For an example, check out `plugin-contributors-details-github`.

## Commits

All commit messages must follow the [Conventional Commits Specification](https://conventionalcommits.org/) which can be described like so:

```
type(scope?): subject

body?
footer?
```

[Commitlint](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint) is setup to enforce this convention.

### Commitlint Rules:
- [@commitlint/config-angular](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint/tree/master/@commitlint/config-angular#rules): Enforces common &#8220;types&#8221; , casing, length rules etc..
- [@commitlint/config-lerna-scopes](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint/blob/master/@commitlint/config-lerna-scopes): Ensures the &#8220;scope&#8221; portion matches one of the emdaer packages. Example: `fix(plugin-image): Add more cat pics`. Generic commits that do not affect a plugin or transform should have no scope like `chore: Do something generic`.

### Suggestions:
If your commit fixes an issue, mention the issue number in your commit body or footer [as recommended by GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/).

Example:
```
fix(plugin-image): Add more cat pics
Closes #123, Closes #456
```
