README.md, before:

<!--
  This file was generated by emdaer

  Its template can be found at .emdaer/README.emdaer.md
-->

# emdaer · [![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/emdaer/emdaer.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/emdaer/emdaer/) [![Documented with emdaer](https://img.shields.io/badge/📓-documented%20with%20emdaer-F06632.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/emdaer/emdaer) [![Maintained with lerna](https://img.shields.io/badge/🐉-maintained%20with%20lerna-cc00ff.svg?style=flat-square)](https://lernajs.io/)

📓 emdaer is a tool for creating and maintaining better READMEs

<!-- toc -->

- [What is emdaer?](#what-is-emdaer)
- [How emdaer works](#how-emdaer-works)
  * [Plugins & Transforms](#plugins--transforms)
- [Adding emdaer to your project](#adding-emdaer-to-your-project)
- [Core Plugins](#core-plugins)
- [Core Transforms](#core-transforms)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

<!-- tocstop -->

## What is emdaer?

emdaer lets you to use plugins and transforms within markdown files because
READMEs (and other documentation) are crucial files that are often lackluster
and/or incomplete and have a tendency to become stale

A couple use cases that illustrate the power of emdaer:

* 🤝 **Keep it in sync** Create templates for use across all of your
  organizations projects to promote synchronicity and reduce doing the same work
  over and over
* 🗃 **Keep it organized** Keep your documentation DRY and organized by importing
  content from your codebase, splitting large documents into chunks, and
  formatting it with [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier).
* 🍋 **Keep it fresh** Ensure your documents stay up to date by pulling in new
  data from various sources with every build

## How emdaer works

emdaer processes template files and writes the resulting files to your project.

We match `.emdaer/(**/*).emdaer(.md)` and use the captured part of each matched
file to determine the path for the output.

### Plugins & Transforms

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```md
# <!--emdaer-p
  - '@emdaer/plugin-value-from-package'
  - value: name
-->

Hello, World!

<!--emdaer-t
  - '@emdaer/transform-smartypants'
  - options: qe
-->
```

This example includes one plugin call (`emdaer-p`) and one transform call
(`emdaer-t`).

Both of these calls take the form of yaml tuples where the first item is the
name of the function to call and the second item is an options object that is
passed to that function.

For plugins, the result of the call replaces the corresponding comment block.

For transforms, the function acts on the entire document and rewrites the entire
file.

## Adding emdaer to your project

We recommend using emdaer with [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky).

Install dependencies:

```sh
npm install --save-dev @emdaer/cli @emdaer/plugin-value-from-package husky
```

Add a `precommit` script:

```json
  "scripts": {
    "emdaer": "emdaer && git add *.md",
    "precommit": "npm run emdaer"
  }
```

Add a `.emdaer/README.emdaer.md` file:

```md
# <!--emdaer-p

* '@emdaer/plugin-value-from-package'
* value: name -->
```

And give it a whirl:

```sh
npm run emdaer
```

## Core Plugins

* **[@emdaer/plugin-contributors-details-github](packages/plugin-contributors-details-github)**
  An emdaer plugin that gathers and renders contributor details from GitHub
* **[@emdaer/plugin-details](packages/plugin-details)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders HTML5 details elements from which users can retrieve additional
  information
* **[@emdaer/plugin-documentation](packages/plugin-documentation)** An emdaer
  plugin to generate documentation from your code comments using documentationjs
* **[@emdaer/plugin-image](packages/plugin-image)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders HTML img elements
* **[@emdaer/plugin-import](packages/plugin-import)** An emdaer plugin that
  imports content from another file
* **[@emdaer/plugin-license-reference](packages/plugin-license-reference)** An
  emdaer plugin that renders license information from the package
* **[@emdaer/plugin-link](packages/plugin-link)** An emdaer plugin that renders
  anchor elements
* **[@emdaer/plugin-list](packages/plugin-list)** An emdaer plugin that renders
  HTML list element.
* **[@emdaer/plugin-list-lerna-packages](packages/plugin-list-lerna-packages)**
  An emdaer plugin that generate a list of lerna packages in a project.
* **[@emdaer/plugin-shields](packages/plugin-shields)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders metadata badges for open source projects from shields.io
* **[@emdaer/plugin-table](packages/plugin-table)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders HTML tables
* **[@emdaer/plugin-value-from-package](packages/plugin-value-from-package)** An
  emdaer plugin that retrieves and renders values from package.json

## Core Transforms

* **[@emdaer/transform-github-emoji](packages/transform-github-emoji)** An
  emdaer transformation that renders GitHub-flavored emoji codes
* **[@emdaer/transform-prettier](packages/transform-prettier)** An emdaer
  transformation that formats markdown, including code blocks, using prettier
* **[@emdaer/transform-smartypants](packages/transform-smartypants)** An emdaer
  transformation that translates ASCII punctuation characters into typographic
  punctuation HTML entities
* **[@emdaer/transform-table-of-contents](packages/transform-table-of-contents)**
  An emdaer transformation that generates a table of contents

## Contributing

If you&#8217;d like to make emdaer better, please read our [guide to
contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

<details>
<summary><strong>Contributors</strong></summary><br />
<a href="https://github.com/flipactual">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1306968?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Flip</strong>
<br /><br />
<a title="I build multi-channel publishing systems and web applications at @fourkitchens." href="https://github.com/infiniteluke">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1127238?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Luke Herrington</strong>
<br /><br />
<a title="Software architect with an interest in distributed systems and elegant solutions." href="https://github.com/elliotttf">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/447151?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Elliott Foster</strong>
<br /><br />
<a href="https://github.com/thebruce">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/590058?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>David Diers</strong>
<br /><br />
<a href="https://github.com/fluxsauce">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/976391?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Jon Peck</strong>
<br /><br />
</details>

## License

emdaer is [MIT licensed](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat(plugin-node-package): Add plugin-node-package and meta (#56)
* feat(plugin-node-package): Add plugin-node-package and meta
plugin-node-package requires a file and optionally executes it with provided arguments
meta exports README sections
This allows for the future emdaer website to share content with the main emdaer README in a composable way

* docs: document how the emdaer README is made

* test(plugin-node-package): test plugin-node-package and do minor cleanup

README.md, after:

<!--
  This file was generated by emdaer

  Its template can be found at .emdaer/README.emdaer.md
-->

# emdaer · [![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/emdaer/emdaer.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/emdaer/emdaer/) [![Documented with emdaer](https://img.shields.io/badge/📓-documented%20with%20emdaer-F06632.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/emdaer/emdaer) [![Maintained with lerna](https://img.shields.io/badge/🐉-maintained%20with%20lerna-cc00ff.svg?style=flat-square)](https://lernajs.io/)

📓 emdaer is a tool for creating and maintaining better READMEs

<!-- toc -->

- [What is emdaer?](#what-is-emdaer)
- [How emdaer works](#how-emdaer-works)
  * [Plugins & Transforms](#plugins--transforms)
- [Adding emdaer to your project](#adding-emdaer-to-your-project)
- [Core Plugins](#core-plugins)
- [Core Transforms](#core-transforms)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [This README](#this-readme)

<!-- tocstop -->

## What is emdaer?

emdaer lets you to use plugins and transforms within markdown files because
READMEs (and other documentation) are crucial files that are often lackluster
and/or incomplete and have a tendency to become stale

A couple use cases that illustrate the power of emdaer:

* 🤝 **Keep it in sync** Create templates for use across all of your
  organizations projects to promote synchronicity and reduce doing the same work
  over and over
* 🗃 **Keep it organized** Keep your documentation DRY and organized by importing
  content from your codebase, splitting large documents into chunks, and
  formatting it with [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier).
* 🍋 **Keep it fresh** Ensure your documents stay up to date by pulling in new
  data from various sources with every build
  ## How emdaer works

emdaer processes template files and writes the resulting files to your project.

We match `.emdaer/(**/*).emdaer(.md)` and use the captured part of each matched
file to determine the path for the output.

### Plugins & Transforms

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```md
# <!--emdaer-p
  - '@emdaer/plugin-value-from-package'
  - value: name
-->

Hello, World!

<!--emdaer-t
  - '@emdaer/transform-smartypants'
  - options: qe
-->
```

This example includes one plugin call (`emdaer-p`) and one transform call
(`emdaer-t`).

Both of these calls take the form of yaml tuples where the first item is the
name of the function to call and the second item is an options object that is
passed to that function.

For plugins, the result of the call replaces the corresponding comment block.

For transforms, the function acts on the entire document and rewrites the entire
file.

## Adding emdaer to your project

We recommend using emdaer with [husky](https://github.com/typicode/husky).

Install dependencies:

```sh
npm install --save-dev @emdaer/cli @emdaer/plugin-value-from-package husky
```

Add a `precommit` script:

```json
  "scripts": {
    "emdaer": "emdaer && git add *.md",
    "precommit": "npm run emdaer"
  }
```

Add a `.emdaer/README.emdaer.md` file:

```md
# <!--emdaer-p

* '@emdaer/plugin-value-from-package'
* value: name -->
```

And give it a whirl:

```sh
npm run emdaer
```

## Core Plugins

* **[@emdaer/plugin-contributors-details-github](packages/plugin-contributors-details-github)**
  An emdaer plugin that gathers and renders contributor details from GitHub
* **[@emdaer/plugin-details](packages/plugin-details)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders HTML5 details elements from which users can retrieve additional
  information
* **[@emdaer/plugin-documentation](packages/plugin-documentation)** An emdaer
  plugin to generate documentation from your code comments using documentationjs
* **[@emdaer/plugin-image](packages/plugin-image)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders HTML img elements
* **[@emdaer/plugin-import](packages/plugin-import)** An emdaer plugin that
  imports content from another file
* **[@emdaer/plugin-license-reference](packages/plugin-license-reference)** An
  emdaer plugin that renders license information from the package
* **[@emdaer/plugin-link](packages/plugin-link)** An emdaer plugin that renders
  anchor elements
* **[@emdaer/plugin-list](packages/plugin-list)** An emdaer plugin that renders
  HTML list element.
* **[@emdaer/plugin-list-lerna-packages](packages/plugin-list-lerna-packages)**
  An emdaer plugin that generate a list of lerna packages in a project.
* **[@emdaer/plugin-node-package](packages/plugin-node-package)** An emdaer
  plugin that requires a file and optionally executes it with provided
  arguments.
* **[@emdaer/plugin-shields](packages/plugin-shields)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders metadata badges for open source projects from shields.io
* **[@emdaer/plugin-table](packages/plugin-table)** An emdaer plugin that
  renders HTML tables
* **[@emdaer/plugin-value-from-package](packages/plugin-value-from-package)** An
  emdaer plugin that retrieves and renders values from package.json

  ## Core Transforms

* **[@emdaer/transform-github-emoji](packages/transform-github-emoji)** An
  emdaer transformation that renders GitHub-flavored emoji codes
* **[@emdaer/transform-prettier](packages/transform-prettier)** An emdaer
  transformation that formats markdown, including code blocks, using prettier
* **[@emdaer/transform-smartypants](packages/transform-smartypants)** An emdaer
  transformation that translates ASCII punctuation characters into typographic
  punctuation HTML entities
* **[@emdaer/transform-table-of-contents](packages/transform-table-of-contents)**
  An emdaer transformation that generates a table of contents
  ## Contributing

If you&#8217;d like to make emdaer better, please read our [guide to
contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

<details>
<summary><strong>Contributors</strong></summary><br />
<a href="https://github.com/flipactual">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1306968?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Flip</strong>
<br /><br />
<a title="I build multi-channel publishing systems and web applications at @fourkitchens." href="https://github.com/infiniteluke">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1127238?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Luke Herrington</strong>
<br /><br />
<a title="Software architect with an interest in distributed systems and elegant solutions." href="https://github.com/elliotttf">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/447151?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Elliott Foster</strong>
<br /><br />
<a href="https://github.com/thebruce">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/590058?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>David Diers</strong>
<br /><br />
<a href="https://github.com/fluxsauce">
  <img align="left" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/976391?s=24" />
</a>
<strong>Jon Peck</strong>
<br /><br />
</details>
## This README
This README was generated with emdaer. However, it is special in that it shares its content with the [emdaer website](emdaer.me) via the [@emdaer/meta](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emdaer/meta) and [@emdaer/plugin-node-package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emdaer/plugin-node-package) packages. [@emdaer/meta](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emdaer/meta) exports each section of this README as a node module which  [@emdaer/plugin-node-package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@emdaer/plugin-node-package) imports like so:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```md
<!--emdaer-p
  - '@emdaer/plugin-node-package'
  - path: '@emdaer/meta/lib/README/this-readme.js'
-->
```;
## License

emdaer is [MIT licensed](./LICENSE).
